One important thing is that the way you are born
will determine many things in your life.
And every time in life that you will have to be reborn to something,
a change of a job, or a...
You see, every time I go...
Every time you go...
You can go back to that memory.
And so sometimes you have to go and release in the tissue,
in the form of a pattern where you sometimes have to recompose.
Compress the tissue, you see, to give it back that respiratory disengagement,
you see.
But just bringing it to consciousness is not enough.
It must be reborn in its tissues.
I will compress from the parietals.
A baby, if there's really something, I take it at the pelvis and bring it back.
And either the child needs to be compressed, or they need to be decompressed.
It's not me who will decide, it's the feeling of the moment, you see.
And I bring them back, and then there's all this spiraling movement that releases in the body.
On the osteo-membranous level, but there is also something important,
it's all the compression on the vascular level.
It's a bit like, you see, I take a sponge and I compress it.
And in fact, there are very important things, and among others the spleen.
The spleen will help you enormously at your birth.
If necessary, it will restore a flow.
because there must be a rebalancing
in the entire vascular system
between the heart, the lungs and the umbilicus
the umbilical cord
and this passage is very important
it's a big vascular change that happens
where you will have to be autonomous
so you suddenly go
from a breathing, oxygenation
through the cord, to this time
I take a new cord
which are my lungs
where I must be able to bring everything back to my midline
and I must be able all of a sudden
to do what we call
and that's on the vascular level, remember, it's the
first cry, the
first breath, first inspiration and this first cry, this first
breathing is very important, you are in an umbilical axis, your blood
it
enters through the foramen ovale, I have an important axis here at the moment of birth
that must cut, I take my oxygen from here, it's a fluidic change
and
who will help you
for this fluidic change, it's the hepatic and splenic axis,
which we don't see here, which will, if necessary, give the
fluidic information.
And if you don't have it, and if you don't have it, you have children, they are born splenic.
These are people who are always melancholic.
Often, you will see that they did not do this first breath well.
It's the passage where I go from my oxygen here to my oxygen here, of compression.
global, fluidic of the system and at the same time membranous compression.
That's where you have to see it.
My compression and the importance of my parietals.
Parietal, temporal.
You see the fluid movement there, there we have a first disengagement, first
exit, there it's won,
and there is the moment of neck rotation which will be important here, disengagement
of the shoulders,
and the whole release of the body, and there the important moment to give back
the first breath.
small movement of the neck, there. And then,
look what happens. This
spiral that
enters, there. So, an occipital movement. And
then, hop, torsion in the axis. You see.
And then there, look what happens at the occiput there, hop,
you see the hyperextension there, hop,
the torsion, the neck and then the disengagement of the limbs.
So not only do I have compression.
in the membranes
and I have compression
on the fluidic level that occurs.